JollyCV
-------
JollyCV is an emulator for the ColecoVision, including support for the
Super Game Module.

JollyCV was the first emulator written specifically for The Jolly Good API.
It is designed to document the ColecoVision for educational purposes through
verbose comments, and high quality emulation. The ColecoVision is the perfect
console to use to demonstrate how computer systems and emulators function
because it is very simple and uses generic, off-the-shelf chips with widely
available datasheets.

This repository lives at https://gitlab.com/jgemu/jollycv

Compiling
---------
Make sure you have The Jolly Good API's header files installed. If you did
not install them, you will be required to include their path in CFLAGS.

Options:
  USE_VENDORED_SPEEXDSP - Set to a non-zero value to use vendored SpeexDSP.

Linux:
  make

macOS:
  make

BSD:
  gmake

Windows (MSYS2):
  make

The build will be output to "jollycv/". This directory may be used as is
locally by copying it to your local "cores" directory, or may be installed
system-wide using the "install" target specified in the Makefile.

Input Devices
-------------
JollyCV currently supports the following input devices:

ColecoVision Paddle
Super Action Controller

Settings
--------
palette = 0 
0 = TeaTime, 1 = SYoung

rsqual = 3
N = Resampler Quality (0-10)

region = 0
0 = NTSC, 1 = PAL

Compatibility
-------------
JollyCV is compatible with 100% of the commercially released ColecoVision
library, all known and freely available homebrew, and the majority of betas.
The following is known not to work:

Lord of the Dungeon (USA) (Beta) - Likely needs SRAM support implemented

Other software may require input devices that are not currently emulated.

Porting
-------
JollyCV was written in standards compliant ISO C11 and should be extremely
portable. Though it was written for The Jolly Good API, it was done in a
manner that allows it to be used easily in multi-emulator frameworks or
standalone binaries for many potential platforms. If a new fork is created
with significant modifications, a clear indication that it is not officially
supported should be made, either by changing the name of the project or
by appending to it. Please be an honest person and respect the licenses that
apply to the software.

Documentation
-------------
Documentation used to create the emulator is available at
https://gitlab.com/carmiker/colecodocs

Copyright
---------
JollyCV
  Copyright (c) 2020-2022 Rupert Carmichael (BSD-3-Clause)
  See LICENSE

Speex Resampler
  Copyright (c) 2003, 2007, 2008 Xiph.org Foundation (BSD-3-Clause)
  See source files in deps/speex/ for detailed information

Z80 CPU Core
  Copyright (c) 2019 Nicolas Allemand (MIT)
  See core/z80/LICENSE
